Can I have a glass of Americana?
Take a picture of me, everyone, look
There's a candid pervert
I didn't secretly film you.
I never turned on the camera.
This is a picture of myself.
Don't you think this is a pervert?
Don't know me.
I'm so pretty
You didn't shoot me
Then why are you using your phone?
If I take my phone, I can only take a picture of your phone and give it to me.
Myself
faulty
This is a nice thing.
You give it to me and it's over between us
No, my father left it for me. For me
Bastard is too dead
It has become a woman's kingdom
I must not owe this traitorous treaty
His Highness killed this old thing
You are the king of a country
No one can stop you anymore
This covenant on the concubine's chest
Don't you want to reach in and sign it?
I have passed through
The prince has become the plaything of this feminist woman
Not only because this woman actually lost her power
The cleavage treaty still awaits
Do you still have a trace of willfulness?
Pigs and dogs are worse
Shut up old thing
No treaty
Angry
How powerful they are
You need to kill His Highness
Your Highness
Thousands of dollars is not to cede the three border provinces to him
And I test them every year on the last generation of beauties.
100,000 Weapons Armor Million Years Old
I am a big summer
It won't affect our level of singing and dancing today
In addition
Kill this old thing
The concubine will let you go through the back door